CSS property update: *-gap (#44950)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/gap/index.md

Reviewer: last two sentences are a repetition of what we're already covering in "Values" section

Reviewer: I believe the [BCD table for this property](https://pr44950.review.mdn.allizom.net/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Properties/gap#browser_compatibility) should have entries for the `<line-width>` keywords, as in https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Properties/column-rule#browser_compatibility - and I guess the same would apply for `row-gap` and `column-gap` BCD tables.
Could you open an issue or PR on BCD for this?

gap: 0.5cm;
gap: 16%;
gap: 100%;

> gap: thick;

Reviewer: do you want to present this keyword in a separate block like you have in the column-gap file under `/* <line-width> keyword value */`

### Values

> This property is specified as one or two `<length-percentage>`, `<line-width>`, or `normal` keyword values:

Reviewer: Aligning with the phrasing we landed recently for this section, plus to also reflect the syntax in "Formal syntax"
```suggestion
This property is specified as one or two values from the following list. A single value sets both the `row-gap` and the `column-gap`. Two values set the `row-gap` first and then the `column-gap`:
```

- `normal`

>   - : For multi-column layout, resolves to `1em`; otherwise `0`. This is the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Sets the gap to `1em` in multi-column layouts and to `0` in all other contexts. This is the default value.
```

- `<line-width>`

>   - : A {{cssxref("&lt;line-width&gt;")}}: one of the keywords `thin`, `medium`, or `thick`, or a positive {{cssxref("length")}} value.

Reviewer: what it does is missing
```suggestion
  - : Sets the gap to a {{cssxref("&lt;line-width&gt;")}} using one of the keywords `thin`, `medium`, or `thick`, or as a positive {{cssxref("length")}} value.
```

- {{CSSxRef("length-percentage")}}

>   - : A non-negative {{CSSxRef("&lt;length&gt;")}} or {{CSSxRef("&lt;percentage&gt;")}} value. Percentages are relative to the [content box](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Box_model/Introduction#content_area) size of the container element in that dimension.

Reviewer: Let's also remove the second sentence since it is getting repeated in "Description" - better to keep it there since it carries more explanation
```suggestion
  - : Sets the gap to a non-negative {{CSSxRef("&lt;length&gt;")}} or {{CSSxRef("&lt;percentage&gt;")}} value.
```

## Description

The `gap` property defines gaps between columns and rows, with the effect of the definition depending on whether the container is a grid container, a flexbox container, or a multi-column layout container.

> The shorthand property is specified as a value for `<'row-gap'>`, followed optionally by a value for `<'column-gap'>`. While the default value is `normal` for both sub-properties, if only one value is declared, that value applies to both. Both `<'row-gap'>` and `<'column-gap'>` can each be specified as a `<length>`, a `<percentage>`, or the keyword `normal`. The specification also allows for any {{cssxref("line-width")}} value, including `thin`, `medium`, or `thick`.

Reviewer: this is now all covered in the "Values" section lead-in. It can be removed from here.
